docs: troubleshooting docs (#1365)
vtex/faststore: apps/docs/docs/how-to-guides/troubleshooting/identifying-development-errors-and-starter-bugs.md

    ```
5. Access [http://localhost:8000/](http://localhost:8000/) and test the features you are having trouble with.

> If the problem persists with the Base Store starter, we recommend [opening an issue](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/issues/new/choose) and reporting the problem. However, if the error only occurs in your own project, please continue debugging with our [Time Machine](./binary-search) technique.

Author: If the problem persists with the Base Store starter, we recommend [opening an issue](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/issues/new/choose) and reporting the problem. However, if the error only occurs in your own project, please refer to the [Tracing the error source](/how-to-guides/troubleshooting/tracing-the-error-source) guide to continue debugging your store.

> If the problem persists with the Base Store starter, we recommend [opening an issue](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/issues/new/choose) and reporting the problem. However, if the error only occurs in your own project, please continue debugging with our [Time Machine](./binary-search) technique.

Author: ```suggestion
If the problem persists with the Base Store starter, we recommend [opening an issue](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/issues/new/choose) and reporting the problem. However, if the error only occurs in your own project, please refer to the [Tracing the error source](/how-to-guides/troubleshooting/tracing-the-error-source) guide to continue debugging your store.
```
